jellied eels are be served in london's
traditional PI math shops for years
hopefully I'm gonna change that there
because they live the more sort of
delicate flavor yeah tissues that way
help yourself now there's more than one
way than cooking a nail and it doesn't
have to be in a jelly now I'm going to
ball them in water and then coat them in
breadcrumbs almost like a really nice
posh fish finger into the pan salt
pepper two-thirds of the way with water
bring the water up to the boil and then
just poach them for three or four
minutes
while we're waiting for the Eels to boil
I'm gonna season that breadcrumbs now
that's just normal white bread crumbs in
here we've got some nice fresh chopped
parsley salt a teaspoon of cayenne
pepper and some finely grated nutmeg now
drain Veals once they've been poached
get your butter lightly melted and then
just drop that into the breadcrumbs this
is where the posh fish finger comes out
Pat them nicely enough how sexy is that
in the oven and then just before we
serve them a drop of fresh lemon juice
there's nothing squeamish about that
baked eel in a herb crust beautiful not
even a hint of slime
let's see if this purse weighs those
wimps to give you us a chance yeah that
why not who's just something I've never
even thought about don't look
slime jelly or just probably yes all
that really yeah as I thought
take the eel out the jelly and Bob's
your uncle delicious yeah so what do you
think attach my keel thank God for that